speaking of infidelities Laura topic
there will be many people who already know the
controversy there are people who know it better
than me watch out this eh red phone on
that trip she stays the night at
a friend of her best friend's house it turns out that
in that apartment there were more kids living
a paranoia I say well I'm not going to do anything
the truth This hurts me she doesn't give a damn she
stays there you're telling
the chick that hurts you how is she going to
stay home to spend the night
drunk at I don't know who's house and
yourself You know with her attitude that she didn't give a damn I go
down to see her I look at her phone
because I see a WhatsApp that annoys me I say
[ __ ] and the conversation I discover some
horns she tells me no that this is a
lie that this didn't happen that you
're screwing yourself I don't know what I decide to throw
for forward say okay This is fine I
let it go but man if she was already not caring about
staying the night with those
strangers and I say I've thought about it and I
think this can go forward
we can give each other another chance such I
want you to be totally honest with me
because I had already  seen everything
can you confess it to me r that night they raped me, they
abused
me or rather still and with everything the aunt
told you that uncle the taser what taser eler
that of our story yes